Hi boys. I'm Tina. Jimmy Jr. had a chance to ride the Tina truck, but now it's headed straight for Joshville. Toot-toot. Here's a bunch of numbers. They may look random but they're my phone number. I'm compiling a list of people I can mate with to repopulate the Earth. Everything I know to be true just went out the window. Ugg, my heart just pooped its pants. There's a lot of carrots in that stew. Suddenly, Tina Belcher appeared in the doorway. She knew what she had to do. Dr. Yap is dreamy. When he's looking at my molars, it's like he's looking into my soul. Explore the morgue? Brr, it sure is cold in here. I wish some strong, chivalrous man would lend me his jacket, or his pants. Jimmy Jr. had a chance to ride the Tina truck, but now it's headed straight for Joshville. Toot-toot. I'm just not sure if I'll be any good on the grill with one free hand. C'mon Dad, just let me bite down on the bean. Dear Diary: Tonight I'm sneaking off to the abandoned taffy factory to look for treasure. Also, if boys had uteruses, they'd be called duderuses. Do you think horses get songs stuck in their heads? I'm no hero. I just put my bra on one boob at a time. If I drunk text you and you're asleep, don't text me in the morning…that ship has sailed. There's a lot of carrots in that stew. Just when I think I'm out, those cheeks pull me right back in. There's a lot of carrots in that stew. Not if you're a fish. Gene, you saved us. I owe you my life. I'm no hero. I just put my bra on one boob at a time. This is like watching two monkeys at the puberty zoo. I'm out of control. I need both ears to hold up my glasses. How do you know a python ate it? Did it leave a note? She grabbed Jimmy Jr's butt and changed the world. I'm no hero. I just put my bra on one boob at a time. There is one place I like to go. The boys' locker room. You can only see up to their ankles. Dad, if you believe you're beautiful, you will be. I did. There is one place I like to go. The boys' locker room. You can only see up to their ankles. I'm a smart, strong, sensual woman. Dear God, this is Tina from school. I've logged over 3,000 fantasy hours on my relationship with Jimmy Jr. You don't just throw that away. Chad the Zombie touched the butt of that girl with the frosted hair from my art class. I think her name is Kristi. A pants-off. For me? Everyone touched each other's butts, and it was great. I could go to jail, or hell, or jail-hell. Brr, it sure is cold in here. I wish some strong, chivalrous man would lend me his jacket, or his pants. Hi boys. I'm Tina. Our toaster is also confused. It doesn't know where bagels go. I had no idea there was so much butt touching in baseball. A pants-off. For me? Everything I know to be true just went out the window. I'm a smart, strong, sensual woman. Give them ridiculous French accents. I know how the shark thinks. It's confused. It doesn't know why we want to kill it. It just wants to go home. Dear God, this is Tina from school. Thank you zombie boyfriends. I'll wave at you every day. Tina reached towards Jimmy Junior's butt: 'Your lips say no but your butt says yes.' YOU GORGEOUS IDIOT! Follow me fellas...Lets go somewhere where the sixteen of us can be alone. I didn't know our county was bi. Good for us. Drop the towel. I'm a smart, strong, sensual woman. I guess she doesn't like wearing clothes. Butts. Dear Diary: Tonight I'm sneaking off to the abandoned taffy factory to look for treasure. Also, if boys had uteruses, they'd be called duderuses. I had no idea there was so much butt touching in baseball. Gene, you saved us. I owe you my life. Sausage leather belts. Drop the towel. I didn't know our county was bi. Good for us. I want a dry erase board so I can write down all my private thoughts and then erase them immediately. Yeah it's an acquired taste. That I just acquired. It's an erotic friend fiction story that I just wrote. I hope you like it, because you're all in it. It's called 'Buttloose.' Gene, you saved us. I owe you my life. Buns...sen. 
